Update with Marco's comments #4 (#13)
core-wg/new-block: draft-ietf-core-new-block.txt

          |<---------+ NON 2.05 M:0x8a T:0xfb O:1334 ET=21 QB2:9/1/1024
       [[MAX_PAYLOADS has been reached]]
          |     [[MAX_PAYLOADS blocks acknowledged by client using
          |       'Continue' Q-Block2]]
          +--------->| NON FETCH /path M:0x0c T:0xfc QB2:10/1/1024
          |<---------+ NON 2.05 M:0x8b T:0xfb O:1334 ET=21 QB2:10/0/1024
          |   ...    |
          |     [[Observe triggered]]
          |<---------+ NON 2.05 M:0x91 T:0xfb O:1335 ET=22 QB2:0/1/1024
          |<---------+ NON 2.05 M:0x92 T:0xfb O:1335 ET=22 QB2:1/1/1024
          |<---------+ [[Payloads 3 - 9 not detailed]]
          |<---------+ NON 2.05 M:0x9a T:0xfb O:1335 ET=22 QB2:9/1/1024
       [[MAX_PAYLOADS has been reached]]
          |     [[MAX_PAYLOADS blocks acknowledged by client using
          |       'Continue' Q-Block2]]
          +--------->| NON FETCH /path M:0x0d T:0xfd QB2:10/1/1024
          |<---------+ NON 2.05 M:0x9b T:0xfb O:1335 ET=22 QB2:10/0/1024
       [[Body has been received]]
          |   ...    |

    Figure 12: Example of NON FETCH with Q-Block1 and Q-Block2 Options
                              (Without Loss)

>    If there is Q-Block1 loss, how this is handled is shown in Figure 5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If there is a loss of a message with a Q-Block1 Option, this is handled as shown in Figure 5
```

Author: Updated to this suggestion

   and Figure 6 with FETCH substitued for PUT and 2.04 becomes a 2.05
   response.

>    If there is Q-Block2 loss, how this is handled is shown in Figure 10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If there is a loss of a message with a Q-Block2 Option, this is handled as shown in Figure 10
```

Author: Updated to this suggestion
